Miss Li is 165 tall and weighs 45 kilograms.
Your measurements are eighty-three.
Sixty-eight
Hahaha martial arts has just been promoted to the eighth stage
After the IQ of 145, our two families will celebrate
Azu will not be alone
It's a beauty mark.
Before going down to accompany Azu
You should be a monk and have a baby for your grandson
In-law, what do you think?
Yes, yes, this is an honor for the Li family
I like this Qingyang
Wait a minute you deliver him to my room yourself
In the future, your Li family
Just be the top of the hundred
Thank you Sengoku family Thank you Sengoku family
Our glory in the Li family will create greater glory